README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Skateclub Website</h1>

[View the live project here.](https://https://django-skateclub-app.herokuapp.com/)

This is the website for VCS speech-writing services. 


## User Experience (UX)

-   ### User stories

    -   #### First Time Visitor Goals

        1. As a First Time Visitor, I want to easily understand the main purpose of the site.
        2. As a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to easily navigate throughout the site to find content.
        3. As a First Time Visitor, I want to see examples of the products on offer. I also want to locate social media links to determine how trusted and known they are.
        4. As a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to sign up for membership.


    -   #### Returning Visitor Goals

        1. As a Returning Visitor, I want to find information about rates and available services.
        2. As a Returning Visitor, I want to find the best way to get in contact with any questions I may have.
        3. As a Returning Visitor, I want to be able to sign up for an account.


## Features

-   Responsive on all device sizes

-   Interactive elements

## Technologies Used

### Languages Used

-   [HTML5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5)
-   [CSS3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascading_Style_Sheets)
-   [Python ](https://www.python.org/)


### Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used

1. [Bootstrap 5.1:](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.1/getting-started/introduction/)
    - Bootstrap was used to assist with the responsiveness and styling of the website.
1. [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/)
    - Hover.css was used on the Social Media icons in the footer to add the float transition while being hovered over.
1. [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
    - Git was used for version control by utilizing the Gitpod terminal to commit to Git and Push to GitHub.
1. [GitHub:](https://github.com/)
    - GitHub is used to store the projects code after being pushed from Git.

allauth - pre-built package that is customisable


### Testing User Stories from User Experience (UX) Section

-   #### First Time Visitor Goals

    -   #### First Time Visitor Goals

        1. As a First Time Visitor, I want to easily understand the main purpose of the site and learn more about the organisation.
        2. As a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to easily navigate throughout the site to find content.
        3. As a First Time Visitor, I want to see examples of the activities carried out by the club. I also want to locate their social media links to see their followings on social media to determine how trusted and known they are.
        4. As a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to sign up for membership.


    -   #### Returning Visitor Goals

        1. As a Returning Visitor, I want to find information about skating tricks.
        2. As a Returning Visitor, I want to find the best way to get in contact with the organisation with any questions I may have.
        3. As a Returning Visitor, I want to be able to sign up for membership.

    -   #### Member Goals
        1. As a Member, I want to check to see if there are any newly added challenges or lessons.
        2. As a Member, I want to check to see if there are any new blog posts.
        3. As a Member, I want to sign up to the Newsletter so that I am emailed any major updates and/or changes to the website or organisation.
        4. As a Member, I want to log in and out as needed.
        5. As a Member, I want to control my plan or cancel my subscription.


### Further Testing



### Known Bugs
DEstroyed postgres database in order to recreate it in Heroku without sharing credentials


## Deployment

### Heroku

The project was deployed to Heroku using the following steps...

1. Create an account in Herokus website
2. Log in to Heroku in the CLI
3. Install pillow, psycopg2 and gunicorn
4. Create app in Heroku
Add Heroku hostname to allowed hosts in settings.py
Create a procfile 
In Heroku create a postgres database addon
Install dj_database_url in the CLI and freeze the requirements file again


## Credits

### Code


-   [Bootstrap4](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.4/getting-started/introduction/): Bootstrap Library used throughout the project mainly to make site responsive using the Bootstrap Grid System.


### Content

-   All content was written by the developer.

### Media

-   All Images were created by [Rodnae Productions](https://www.pexels.com/@rodnae-prod) as available from the Pexels website. 

### Acknowledgements

-   My Mentor for continuous helpful feedback.

-   Tutor support at Code Institute for their support.

Commit message:

set up postgres database and import data to it

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Skateclub Website</h1>

[View the live project here.](https://https://django-skateclub-app.herokuapp.com/)

This is the website for VCS speech-writing services. 


## User Experience (UX)

-   ### User stories

    -   #### First Time Visitor Goals

        1. As a First Time Visitor, I want to easily understand the main purpose of the site.
        2. As a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to easily navigate throughout the site to find content.
        3. As a First Time Visitor, I want to see examples of the products on offer. I also want to locate social media links to determine how trusted and known they are.
        4. As a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to sign up for an account.


    -   #### Returning Visitor Goals

        1. As a Returning Visitor, I want to find information about rates and available services.
        2. As a Returning Visitor, I want to find the best way to get in contact with any questions I may have.
        3. As a Returning Visitor, I want to be able to sign up for an account.


## Features

-   Responsive on all device sizes

-   Interactive elements

## Technologies Used

### Languages Used

-   [HTML5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5)
-   [CSS3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascading_Style_Sheets)
-   [Python ](https://www.python.org/)


### Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used

1. [Bootstrap 5.1:](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.1/getting-started/introduction/)
    - Bootstrap was used to assist with the responsiveness and styling of the website.
1. [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/)
    - Hover.css was used on the Social Media icons in the footer to add the float transition while being hovered over.
1. [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
    - Git was used for version control by utilizing the Gitpod terminal to commit to Git and Push to GitHub.
1. [GitHub:](https://github.com/)
    - GitHub is used to store the projects code after being pushed from Git.

allauth - pre-built package that is customisable


### Testing User Stories from User Experience (UX) Section

-   #### First Time Visitor Goals

    -   #### First Time Visitor Goals

        1. As a First Time Visitor, I want to easily understand the main purpose of the site and learn more about the organisation.
        2. As a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to easily navigate throughout the site to find content.
        3. As a First Time Visitor, I want to see examples of the activities carried out by the club. I also want to locate their social media links to see their followings on social media to determine how trusted and known they are.
        4. As a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to sign up for membership.


    -   #### Returning Visitor Goals

        1. As a Returning Visitor, I want to find information about skating tricks.
        2. As a Returning Visitor, I want to find the best way to get in contact with the organisation with any questions I may have.
        3. As a Returning Visitor, I want to be able to sign up for membership.

    -   #### Member Goals
        1. As a Member, I want to check to see if there are any newly added challenges or lessons.
        2. As a Member, I want to check to see if there are any new blog posts.
        3. As a Member, I want to sign up to the Newsletter so that I am emailed any major updates and/or changes to the website or organisation.
        4. As a Member, I want to log in and out as needed.
        5. As a Member, I want to control my plan or cancel my subscription.


### Further Testing



### Known Bugs
DEstroyed postgres database in order to recreate it in Heroku without sharing credentials


## Deployment

### Heroku

The project was deployed to Heroku using the following steps...

1. Create an account in Herokus website
2. Log in to Heroku in the CLI
3. Install pillow, psycopg2 and gunicorn
4. Create app in Heroku
ad dj database in settings.py and paste db url into settings
Add Heroku hostname to allowed hosts in settings.py
Create a procfile 
In Heroku create a postgres database addon
Install dj_database_url in the CLI and freeze the requirements file again


## Credits

### Code


-   [Bootstrap4](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.4/getting-started/introduction/): Bootstrap Library used throughout the project mainly to make site responsive using the Bootstrap Grid System.


### Content

-   All content was written by the developer.

### Media

-   All Images were created by [Rodnae Productions](https://www.pexels.com/@rodnae-prod) as available from the Pexels website. 

### Acknowledgements

-   My Mentor for continuous helpful feedback.

-   Tutor support at Code Institute for their support.
